So the basic goal of this course is
to introduce people to the major
areas of people analytics, and help them
to understand what it is as a field.
We can't promise that we're gonna
make you experts over the course
of these few sessions.
What instead we want to do, is help you
understand what's going on here, and
if you want to move forward,
Get interested in this field,
what skills do you need to know.
Ultimately to be fully competent here,
there's a bunch of statistics
you should probably catch up on.
Maybe even a certain amount of data
management expertise that you would know.
We at least hope to provide
some sort of introduction.
And so
really we're gonna aim to do a few things.
First of all,
we want to provide you some understanding
of what are the main areas of
activity in people analytics today.
What are the main decisions that
are increasingly being informed by data?
In order to help get a sense of that,
we also want to provide some
sort of conceptual underpinning.
Both of kind of the general applications
of data to these decisions But
also of the various different
decisions that we made.
What do we know about how
people behave in organizations
that we need to include when
we do these sorts of analyses.
On top of that,
we wanna give you some sense of how you
could actually go about doing this.
What kind of data are there within the
organization, which you could go out and
gather, to inform some of these decisions.
And then how should you
think about analyzing it?
So, in part that to understanding
some of the pitfalls, okay,
what are the areas where people go wrong.
And in addition, it's understanding
what the basics of getting it right and
kind of a brief preview of what are some
of the most sophisticated areas where
people are introducing analytics and
was kind of some of the promise of that.
So those are our basic goals.